Hello and welcome back.
And today we're going to be talking about comments in poetry ask you all the comments are very quick
and straightforward topic so we will not spend much time on it.
I just want to explain to the basics and maybe some ways you can use comments to your advantage.
So the first thing we have to look at is how common to work.
So basically you have to identify to the admin that it's going to be a comment and not a piece of code.
And in project and it's done by two dashes following one another and then you can write whatever you
want.
And either way is just the common see since syntax is where you put a dash star and then you put another
star dash and then.
So everything in between them will be considered the comment.
So it's a multi-line comment.
And anything above it or below it is still a piece of code.
So as you can see the double dash only works on one line so it comments everything after you put the
flash not before at all.
So we can have the double dash come in here for example and we can say work on this later.
Whereas a month multi-line comment works on a lot of lines and you can you know have hungered thousand
lines if you want it here.
Most common use of comments in programming at least for me so far has been that if I have a big piece
of goat and I'm not sure where the mistake was I can comment out different parts of the code one by
one.
And what will that do for me is it will show me the exact moment where my code starts working and that
means the dominant function had the problem and then they can take a closer look at it and start working
with it.
Another thing is that if you are quickly testing some code and you don't want to make another query
to you don't want to rewrite all your information.
You can just comment out the section that will take a lot of time to complete and quickly run your test.
Another thing I used sometimes is if you have you know a query and then you have multiple queries that
just follow one another and they just do different stuff and you have a pretty big piece of coding on
your hands and you just can't finish working on it now.
Or you know you're going on holidays at the weekend and you just can't afford to forget what you were
working out or you had that one idea that you just don't have the time to do.
Now you can always say here that you know you want to come and make sure to look into using having by
which will actually burn soon enough.
So we'll actually do this.
But basically you want to leave yourself a note or maybe a member of your team that you will send this
code to or who will come in to work after you.
And then you just go ahead.
You save the worry or what you want.
And that way when you load it up next time you will have it on your screen so you're like all right.
I have to use to having my statement now it all makes perfect sense.
So as you can see comments are a very straightforward topic.
You have double dash and then you have a forward slash star star forward slash for multi line comments
and yeah I hope you find honored that use of comments if you have any ideas just please let me know
because I'm very curious how to use them.
Apart from what I've mentioned.
But yeah I hope you liked Tauriel.
This concludes our section about queries about the basic stuff we can do with queries about the foundation
of it.
So I hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you learned a lot about Pazz Gray about PGE admin about coding bellhops as well and you're excited
about it.
Interested about it.
Happy that you already can do so much you can already work with any database that comes your way and
find information that you are interested in further in the course will actually teach you to create
your own databases work with them delete them alter them we will teach you a lot more ways to narrow
down the day that you want to be displayed or altered.
Even so there is a lot to look forward to but there is also a lot to be proud of that you've already
accomplished.
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial section.
The score so far and I hope to see you in the next one.